README.md, before:

# Copy Cat

[Copy Cat][copycat] is a ComputerCraft emulator for the web, heavily inspired by
the a similar project [Mimic][mimic]. However, unlike Mimic, it's built from the
mod's source code - ensuring that it's always <sup>1</sup> as accurate as
possible.

The interface is essentially the same as [Cloud Catcher][cloud], but with the
computer running right in your browser rather than a server!

---

<sup>1.</sup> While we try to keep as close as we can, there are some elements
which are impossible to emulate due to the restricted environment of a browser.

For instance, the `http` API has been entirely recreated, and some functionality
(such as setting specific headers or requesting some sites) is not possible. As
with any emulator, there will be subtle differences in how input events (key
presses, mouse clicks, etc...) are handled, so do not rely on our behaviour.

And yes, this disclaimer was longer than the actual description.

## Screenshots
![The emulator in action](img/startup-url.png "The emulator in action")

![Editing a file](img/editor.png "Editing a file")

## Build it yourself
Due to the nature of this project, Copy Cat has a rather strange build setup. We
take sources of [Cobalt][cobalt] and [CC: Tweaked][cct], modify them to work in
a Javascript environment, and then compile them to JS. Thankfully, this is all
automated by Gradle. However, it does require a bit of setup:

Before getting started, you will need the JDK (Java Development Kit) and NodeJS
installed and on the path.

 - Clone Copy Cat with submodules: `git clone --recursive https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/copy-cat`
 - Install NodeJS packages: `npm install`
 - Apply patches: `./gradlew applyPatches`
 - Build: `./gradlew assemble`. You can also automatically build everything when
   a file changes using `./gradlew assemble --continuous`.

The resulting website should be in `build/web`.

If making further modifications to the files in `src/main/java`, run
`./gradlew makePatches` to regenerate the patch directory.

Use `git submodule foreach git pull` in order to update all source repositories.
You will probably need to apply and then regenerate patches after doing so.

[copycat]: https://copy-cat.squiddev.cc "Try Copy Cat online"
[mimic]: https://gravlann.github.io/ "The Mimic ComputerCraft emulator"
[cloud]: https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/cloud-catcher "The Cloud Catcher repository"
[cobalt]: https://github.com/SquidDev/Cobalt "The Cobalt repository"
[cct]: https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked "The CC: Tweaked repository"

Commit message:

Bump TeaVM version, using a modified build
We're now using https://github.com/SquidDev/teavm/tree/cc-patches, which
is just TeaVM's master branch but with a couple of bugfixes.

On the bright side, the JS bindings have been expanded a little, which
means we can drop a lot of code.

Fixes #6

README.md, after:

# Copy Cat

[Copy Cat][copycat] is a ComputerCraft emulator for the web, heavily inspired by
the a similar project [Mimic][mimic]. However, unlike Mimic, it's built from the
mod's source code - ensuring that it's always <sup>1</sup> as accurate as
possible.

The interface is essentially the same as [Cloud Catcher][cloud], but with the
computer running right in your browser rather than a server!

---

<sup>1.</sup> While we try to keep as close as we can, there are some elements
which are impossible to emulate due to the restricted environment of a browser.

For instance, the `http` API has been entirely recreated, and some functionality
(such as setting specific headers or requesting some sites) is not possible. As
with any emulator, there will be subtle differences in how input events (key
presses, mouse clicks, etc...) are handled, so do not rely on our behaviour.

And yes, this disclaimer was longer than the actual description.

## Screenshots
![The emulator in action](img/startup-url.png "The emulator in action")

![Editing a file](img/editor.png "Editing a file")

## Build it yourself
Due to the nature of this project, Copy Cat has a rather strange build setup. We
take sources of [Cobalt][cobalt] and [CC: Tweaked][cct], modify them to work in
a Javascript environment, and then compile them to JS. Thankfully, this is all
automated by Gradle. However, it does require a bit of setup:

Before getting started, you will need the JDK (Java Development Kit), Maven and
NodeJS installed and on the path.

First you need to set up our modified version of TeaVM. This is a temporary
step until these changes are PRed upstream.

 - Clone our modified version of TeaVM `git clone -b cc-patches https://github.com/SquidDev/teavm.git`
 - Switch into the `teavm` directory and run `mvn install -DskipTests`.

Now we can set up copy-cat itself:
 - Clone Copy Cat with submodules: `git clone --recursive https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/copy-cat`
 - Install NodeJS packages: `npm install`
 - Apply patches: `./gradlew applyPatches`
 - Build: `./gradlew assemble`. You can also automatically build everything when
   a file changes using `./gradlew assemble --continuous`.

The resulting website should be in `build/web`.

If making further modifications to the files in `src/main/java`, run
`./gradlew makePatches` to regenerate the patch directory.

Use `git submodule foreach git pull` in order to update all source repositories.
You will probably need to apply and then regenerate patches after doing so.

[copycat]: https://copy-cat.squiddev.cc "Try Copy Cat online"
[mimic]: https://gravlann.github.io/ "The Mimic ComputerCraft emulator"
[cloud]: https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/cloud-catcher "The Cloud Catcher repository"
[cobalt]: https://github.com/SquidDev/Cobalt "The Cobalt repository"
[cct]: https://github.com/SquidDev-CC/CC-Tweaked "The CC: Tweaked repository"
